
h2. Project Overview

Work Lenz # 6064 - Social: Communities Viewpoints Migration 

Convert a third party hosted website to an internal hosted site.

Development Overview

Content - blogs, articles, buying guides
SSO / Profile integration
LDAP authentication for content administration
Question and Answers
User generated content - ask questions, answer questions, comment on content, vote on content, flag content as inappropiate.
Preserve 301 redirects from previous provider



2	Product Overview
2.1	Mission
To provide an online social support community that replicates in-person interaction and conversation so that customers and prospective customers access information, customer service and expert advice from SHC associates, vendors and fellow members while providing invaluable feedback and customer behavior understanding to SHC.
2.2	Strategy
•	Provide an online social support platform
•	Strengthen Customer Engagement
•	Leverage community feedback and insights
2.3	Objectives
1.	Deliver Phase 1 release of Communities by End of August 29,2012 to migrate Communities and Reviews off of the Viewpoints platform. 
2.	Deliver Phase 2 release of additional functionality in two week iterations beginning August 29, 2012 through October 30, 2012. 

2.4	Guiding Principles
To be the leader in online social support communities and delight our customers through every touchpoint.  

1. For Customers:
•	to connect with SHC, product experts and enthusiasts: ask questions, share advice and feedback, receive answers
•	to be heard, to be helped, to receive excellent customer care
•	to find Information: Guides, Articles, Blogs, Videos, etc. 

2. For SHC: 
•	a deeper engagement with our customers to create brand ambassadors
•	reduce contact costs through digital interactions
•	to drive conversion/sales by influencing, shaping, informing and enabling customer shopping behaviors and buying decisions
•	ongoing feedback on our products and marketing initiatives
•	valuable UGC which is optimized for SEO and is considered more reliable
•	to connect our customers with our brands, products and initiatives, to provide increased customer conversion and in turn increase lifetime value.




h2. What we are building?

A cluster of servers that will be the single end point that can handle multiple front paths. The server will handler requests from both sears.com/communities, kmart.com/communities. The first sites will be the communities, but the long term plan is to add other site using different URLs as the business needs.


URLs

Existing:
mysears.com - sears owned
mykmart.com - sears owned


New:
sears.com/communities
kmart.com/communities


Exclued Akamai - Do not edge cache sears.com/communities, kmart.com/communities.

Signed Cert - Can we use the Global Cert?

Datacenter CH4 - we need to be in CH4 because of the root level URL

Stateadm - all application server require the 'stateadm' user

Preferred server namespace: php40X.

h2. Shopping List

Production

www - 5 VMs (1 core, 4 GB RAM, 20 GB Harddrive)
Storage - NFS Mount for media (images) 200 GB shared across the cluster. Ability to scale up to 500 GB.
Utility - 1 VM (1 core, 4 GB RAM, 20 GB Harddrive). Standalone server for crons, responsys and reporting.
Memcache - 1 physical server 16 GB RAM scale up to 64 GB
Database - 100 GB dedicated cluster. Ability to scale up to 500 GB.

QA

www - 2 VMs (1 core, 4 GB RAM, 20 GB Harddrive)
Storage - NFS Mount for media (images) 100 GB shared across the cluster. Ability to scale up to 500 GB.
Utility - 1 VM (1 core, 4 GB RAM, 20 GB Harddrive). Standalone server for crons, responsys and reporting.
Memcache - 1 VM (1 core, 4 GB RAM, 20 GB Harddrive)
Database - 100 GB QA cluster. Ability to scale up to 500 GB.


Appendix


VMs - (1 core, 4 GB RAM, 20 GB Harddrive), CentOS, NGINX, PHP-FPM

Analytic data of site useage

Escalation list TBD.












Between load balancer and app we can use the global cert

Meet with Net Eng. Single end point that can handle multiple front paths.

One VIP. 

MySQL Cluster instance - store. 100 GB of storage

memcache - physical hardware. Need to procure it. ability to increase memory. 16 - 32 GB of RAM. 

200 GB for NFS

4 GB, one chip, 20 GB of disk

stateadm access

Requirements doc - put in the data.

Database team - Storage team


WorkLenz - number.


Monitoring team - escalation information.

Andy & Brad - profanity filter. 



Order 

Wiki
Jira


